hey what is going on you guys it is mr.
no sleep here from old school runescape
and welcome to a brand new loot video
for you all today so this video is a
little bit different than my normal
monster related videos this time I
wanted to take 25,000 amulets of glory
and charge them all at the fountain of
rune is to see how much money I would
make from charging every single one of
them and also of course hoping that I
would get the eternal glory and as you
can see in the inventory as well as the
grant exchange the start amount of money
for this video was just about 300 mil
however once I did get all 25,000
glories which did take almost about two
days the exact number spent was 299
million and six hundred and eighty three
thousand certainly was a lot of money to
invest in one video however I knew that
no matter what was going to happen I was
definitely going to make some profit
because I think we can all agree having
a charged glory with six charges is
definitely gonna be more valuable and
especially more useful than an uncharged
glory expect to hear the word glory a
lot throughout this video by the way but
yeah I didn't actually do the intro
until I finished a few inventories of
charging them I guess I just somehow
forgot to do it so don't mind that but
yeah getting into the inventory itself
at first I just wanted to see how this
would go so I was only bringing twenty
glories per trip this is not recommended
though I think that the ideal amount
would be 25 that way you can bring a
prayer potion a saradomin brew and of
course your wilderness sword now it is
important to note that for this video I
was using the wilderness sword for this
sword gives you unlimited teleports to
the fountain of rune and on top of that
I was also using my own player owned
house obelisk and every time I would use
it I would redirect it to 13 wilderness
every time that I wanted to bank and if
you don't have the wilderness Diaries
completed up until this point the hourly
rate for how many Glory's you charge
will be much lower than my best hourly
rate which I think ended up being just
about 1500 per hour which means that
this video should have only taken
realistically like 16 to 17 hours but it
ended up taking just about 20 because I
was on multiple accounts and
occasionally I would afk so after a few
hours of bringing 20 Glory's every
inventor
I did decide to bank the anglerfish and
SAN few serum just stick with two brews
and one wilderness sword and the rest of
my inventory would just be Glory's
charging twenty five per trip versus 20
per trip really does increase on how
many you can charge per hour as you can
imagine and it just went by much faster
but at the end of the day it's all up to
you on how many you want to bring and
how much you want to risk gear wise for
me since this is the wilderness I went
with a good max tank setup so that if I
ran into any majors or PK's in general I
would be able to somewhat tank while I
try to escape back to the obelisk I will
say that there was plenty of people who
tried to kill me through this video as
you will see shortly but the gear just
like the inventory it's all up to you
you know some people bring absolutely
nothing and some people bring
weight-reducing boots like boots of
lightness or helpful capes such as
spotted or spottier having the max cape
though also helped a ton with pretty
much the whole video teleporting to the
crafting guild to bank with it and then
back to my player own house to use my
rejuvenation pool to get back up 200%
run energy pretty much makes it the most
opie cape for charging glories as well
as many other things in the game so now
that we've gone over how to charge
glories let's talk a little bit about
the best reward that you can get from
charging them that being the amulet of
eternal glory unlimited charges making
it anywhere from thirty to thirty two
Milda pending on the week it actually
did change significantly in prices from
the three days that I did take to do
this video which I did find to be
surprising and yeah was released into
the game June 30th 2016 and recharging
jagan stone jewelry at the fountain of
roon came into the game March 27th 2014
and if you didn't know the odds of
receiving the eternal glory is 1 in
25,000 that's kind of why I wanted to go
with 25,000 glories to be charged for
this video kind of felt appropriate you
know and if you curious of the
difference between charging your jewelry
at the hero's guild versus the fountain
of rune the fountain of rune gives a
charge of plus 6 and the hero's guild
gives a charge of plus 4 only downside
is of course the wilderness you can die
and lose everything and the hero's guild
is a hundred percent safe you just need
the quest of course also important to
note that you do need the Legends quest
complete if you want to charge combat
bracelets or skills necklaces and while
you're charging your glories here at the
fountain of rune even if you have one
equipped as well as a ring a wealth they
will get charged as well so it doesn't
just have to be in your inventory which
is pretty cool and I will say through
the three days that it did take me to do
all 25,000 glories I sure did run into a
lot of people around this area and for
obvious reasons you know this fountain
of rune is actually located south of the
wilderness volcano and east of Callisto
so you will occasionally seek lists opv
embers as well as Callisto PK errs tons
of people doing hard clue Scrolls
running north good amount of people
doing master clues right at the fountain
of rune itself and of course people that
are strictly there to try and kill you
now the world choice for this video kind
of varied from the 500s to the totals
main total worlds being 415 and 428 but
in my opinion you know it really doesn't
matter what world you choose most people
think that total worlds are safer but if
you go on YouTube and you type in total
level world PK I can't assure you that
there are better worlds to choose from
but again that's all up to you
certainly did run into a few interesting
people throughout this video for example
this guy here has actually done over
50,000 medium clew Scrolls so I don't
know if I'm ever gonna make a loop from
1,000 on that but yeah keep you guys
posted at this point in the video we
were at 7000 Glory's charged overall and
I think really only two people had tried
to kill me up until this point and I did
luckily escape both of those times
either got really lucky with the logging
out or just got really lucky with the
obelisk timing hadn't run into any peak
errors at the fountain itself yet you
got to imagine you know I don't think
you're gonna see too many people peak
hang there I say this because it's just
such a dead area and alongside me
charging glories I really didn't see too
many other people doing it maybe
throughout the three days that this
video took I maybe saw two or three
people charging Glory's total and
speaking of two and three looks like
this guy needed more than three ice
barrage is in order to hit me because
this gear was just doing really good
tanking and luckily I did get away and
the run itself from the fountain of
runes to the obelisk is a pretty long
run so if you run into one PK or let
alone two or three and they do have
freezes with them I don't know what that
guy was doing scold you better pray or
knock on wood that you do have some good
mage tank bonus gear because if not and
if you do happen to get frozen you just
have to rely on your
err minimum supplies that you brought
alongside all of your jewelry and
usually that's not too reliable if
you're just talking about just a couple
brews in just a couple food and just
shortly after the last attempt I did
have two different majors one of them
was kind of one item I was too sure what
he was doing and then the other one was
actually in a twenty two hundred world
so there are people that do PK here in
22 hundred worlds I mean it is the
wilderness after all you know it doesn't
matter where you are it doesn't matter
what world you're in
you always have to expect the unexpected
and just like I didn't expect to get
away I actually did manage to get away
from this guy had these guys had telly
block instead of being on ancients I
definitely would have died probably much
more often most single PKS never bring
telly block especially when you're in
fifty wilderness so at least there's
that and as you just saw in that last
clip you know that poor guy who was
killing Callisto getting a 2v1 and the
guys that killed him actually decided to
kill me this was an amateur mistake you
know I saw them and I think I said to
myself alright you gotta hop world's and
I guess I forgot to hop world's I just
tell heed right back up there and I
guess they had just gotten there so I
did get attacked right away and one of
them had a ballista the other one had a
God sword and obviously having no
restores no prayer potions kind of set
myself up for failure here spam clicking
everywhere you know the maps coming up
you know I was panicking really just
using a few brews and although I did get
a little distance in between us I didn't
want to get smited for my guff in some
so I pretty much just took the El and I
just said to them hey you know I can't
get smite and I'll just die here
although I gotta say I think I was gonna
die either way so at least I'd rather
die with prayer points than no prayer
points so there was that but yeah that
was the first in the only death
throughout this whole entire video that
was right before we got to the 10,000
mark so almost the halfway point still
didn't have the eternal glory he's
making some you know decent gains it was
pretty good money per hour despite no
eternal early so I had thought but we
will see at the very end of the video
when we do the price check just how much
we made and although I did lose a max
cape which is about 2.2 7 mil I'm not
gonna subtract that from the price check
it's just kind of my fault you know so
not too worried about the loss there and
a big shot out of course to everyone
that I did run into in game you know I
did try to get most of you guys on video
whenever anyone would say hello or
something like that I know people
appreciate that and one
that I certainly wanted to get on video
as this moment right here ladies and
gentlemen we did receive the amulet of
eternal glory at just around 11,000
Glory's n considered to be almost the
halfway point and at a price of 30 mil I
was very very happy to see that I think
I price checked it in the very beginning
of the video and I think it actually
went down like either two or one mil but
either way it was certainly nice to see
and yeah I should have just probably
stopped right there but you know still
had to do 14,000 more glories but ya was
number 11,000 125 for the eternal so no
matter what happens even if the price of
the glories did go down throughout the
rest of the video with the eternal I was
already profiting and something that you
might see while you're charging glories
or running around this area is people
also going for the major arena to Kate
kind of a fun fact for you and to this
clip here this two-man team soon to be a
three-man team were a PK I believe at
the Callisto safe spot to the north and
they did find me and they instantly
attacked me as expected so I had to try
my very best to get away you know I
didn't want to die another time didn't
want to replace those mystic boots again
you know luckily they're IceBridge is
all splashed numerous times and I was
able to successfully get away so that
was very nice and all this time I still
forgot to mention another peak a hot
spot which is to the west of the obelisk
and that being chaos elemental and in
this next clip here I saw this poor PVM
are getting attacked so I thought let me
save her life you know so I went and
these guys were just redirecting the
obelisk you know so I had to redirect it
myself and I said to her don't worry I
got this I'll take care of everything I
mean for God's sakes one of the guys was
ice bursting you know the standards
weren't that high but unfortunately she
did die so can't save them all and
something to always take into
consideration especially while charging
glories at the fountain of rune is that
this is 50-plus wilderness or I mean 47
and then it gets to 50 in the northern
parts so if you are a lower level you
know like level 3 or level 10 or 20 do
you expect there to be some lower level
accounts to kill you there you know I
did see a few low level Rangers like
around 30 to 40 combat and of course and
that clip there that you just saw there
is like a level 80 they're trying to
kill me somewhere in the 80s so you know
you always got to expect the unexpected
so no matter what your combat is always
make sure to bring just a little bit of
food or if you're just one of those iron
men accounts who wants to charge
your glories only bring like four that
way you're not going to lose anything if
you accidentally gets cold or even if
you die unschooled so it's always
something to keep in mind here on this
clip coming up you know I was pretty
confident that I was going to die
because this guy was just catching every
freeze and he seemed to know what he was
doing and he was also doing the tactic
of trying to make your opponent
conversate while you're trying to kill
them luckily for me I just had to kind
of reroute my escape and it did work out
so we were able to log out on the east
side rather than running to the obelisk
do you always be prepared you know there
is nice gaps with all of these fences
surrounding the fountain of rune you
know there's always good ways where you
can just kind of outsmart your opponent
I'm definitely not one to outsmart
anyone so if I can do it you can do it I
think the key with charging glories is
you just have to be observant for
example in this clip here I just got
done charging my glories and as I was
running south I didn't click too far
ahead and I did notice that there was a
team killing a PBM or at callisto so you
know kind of gives you the heads up in
advance even when you're on multiple
accounts just gotta pay a little bit of
attention whenever you're in the
wilderness as I always say in these
wilderness related loot videos and
although none of this was live streams
on Twitch I wasn't my clan chat the
whole entire time as most of the days I
am and to my clan chat members thought
it would be funny to try and kill me I
think one of them was on mobile I have
no idea what these guys were doing but
you're both getting D rank so thanks for
that also speaking of live-streaming I
know a lot of people have been curious
where have the streams been I haven't
done a stream in about three weeks and I
do occasionally go on and off from
twitch but I will be back very shortly
at the start of next month I'm actually
gonna be doing something a little crazy
especially on twitch and you guys will
hear more and see more about that if you
follow me on snapchat in the coming
weeks and I really feel like I rambled a
lot in this video like how did I make a
loot from charging glory video 15
minutes long absolutely ridiculous you
all better dislike this but yeah here it
is finally loot from charging 25,000
amulets of glory has been completed one
eternal glory one death and a whole lot
of fun well not so much on the last part
but yeah either way this only took just
about 16 hours to do efficiently and
since I'm not efficient this did take me
just about 20 hours total so a week ago
I bought all of these 25,000 glories for
eleven thousand nine hundred and
eighty-seven apiece now let's go ahead
and see how much the amulet of glory
with six charges sell for it didn't sell
for twelve thousand two hundred nor did
it sell for twelve thousand one hundred
and fifty final number that I was able
to get off of the grand exchange was
twelve thousand one hundred which yeah
that's not a whole lot of profit I do
believe that's a hundred and fourteen
cheapy profit / glory and if we do one
hundred and fourteen times twenty five
thousand we do end up with just about
two point eight five mil profit so yeah
thankfully we did get the eternal glory
I mean it is one in twenty five thousand
so it would only make sense to get it
and yeah I mean I think there will be
people in the comments that say mister
no sleep you should have just kept these
in the GE for much more and you would
have made more overtime but overall you
know three mil is three mil it's still
profit if you kind of combine that with
the eternal glory you can expect to make
over thirty three mil the low end if you
don't get the eternal glory you're gonna
waste a lot of time and you're probably
gonna be really upset because I know I
would have been luckily we didn't have
to go through that we did get the
eternal that was the main goal for this
video the other side prophet he really
doesn't matter that much because this
used to be much more profitable but
glories have gone down significantly in
price through the years as well as there
being a scroll that can basically charge
all of your glories and one go so there
is numerous reasons as to why this isn't
the best moneymaker as it used to be but
needless to say I still made close to
two mill an hour because of my luck so
if you do happen to get lucky and you do
hit that eternal drop Table one in 25k
you will be making some crazy money per
hour speaking of getting lucky though
happy Valentine's Day to all of you
thank you so much for spending your day
or your night whatever day it may be
with me in this video I do appreciate
you guys so much I will see you soon
with another video as always until then
mister no sleep ow